Source: Image Segmentation
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'Conclusion']
Start Index: 1000
--------------------------------------------------
realistic deformations can be simu- lated eﬃciently. The value of data augmentation for learning invariance has been shown in Dosovitskiy et al. in the scope of unsupervised feature learning. Another challenge in many cell segmentation tasks is the separation of touch- ing objects of the same class; see Figure 3. To this end, we propose the use of a weighted loss, where the separating background labels between touching cells obtain a large weight in the loss function. The resulting network is applicable to various biomedical segmentation prob- lems. In this paper, we show results on the segmentation of neuronal structures in EM stacks (an ongoing competition started at ISBI 2012), where we out- 4 performed the network of Ciresan et al. . Furthermore, we show results for cell segmentation in light microscopy images from the ISBI cell tracking chal- lenge 2015. Here we won with a large margin on the two most challenging 2D transmitted light datasets. 2 Network Architecture The network architecture is illustrated in Figure 1. It consists of a contracting path (left side) and an expansive path (right side). The contracting path follows the typical architecture of a convolutional network. It consists of the repeated application of two 3x3 convolutions (unpadded convolutions), each followed by a rectiﬁed linear unit (ReLU) and a 2x2 max pooling operation with stride 2 for downsampling. At each downsampling step we double the number of feature channels. Every step in the expansive path consists of an upsampling of the feature map followed by a 2x2 convolution (“up-convolution”) that halves the number of feature channels, a concatenation with the correspondingly cropped feature map from the contracting path, and two 3x3 convolutions, each fol- lowed by a ReLU. The cropping is necessary due to the loss of border pixels in every convolution. At the