Source: Image Segmentation
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'Conclusion']
Start Index: 500
--------------------------------------------------
network can localize. Secondly, the training data in terms of patches is much larger than the number of training images. The resulting network won the EM segmentation challenge at ISBI 2012 by a large margin. Obviously, the strategy in Ciresan et al. has two drawbacks. First, it is quite slow because the network must be run separately for each patch, and there is a lot of redundancy due to overlapping patches. Secondly, there is a trade-oﬀbetween localization accuracy and the use of context. Larger patches require more max-pooling layers that reduce the localization accuracy, while small patches allow the network to see only little context. More recent approaches proposed a classiﬁer output that takes into account the features from multiple layers. Good localization and the use of context are possible at the same time. In this paper, we build upon a more elegant architecture, the so-called “fully convolutional network” . We modify and extend this architecture such that it works with very few training images and yields more precise segmentations; see Figure 1. The main idea in is to supplement a usual contracting network by successive layers, where pooling operators are replaced by upsampling operators. Hence, these layers increase the resolution of the output. In order to localize, high resolution features from the contracting path are combined with the upsampled 3 Fig. 2. Overlap-tile strategy for seamless segmentation of arbitrary large images (here segmentation of neuronal structures in EM stacks). Prediction of the segmentation in the yellow area, requires image data within the blue area as input. Missing input data is extrapolated by mirroring output. A successive convolution layer can then learn to assemble a more precise output based on this information. One important modiﬁcation in our architecture is that in the upsampling part we have also a large number