Source: Image Segmentation
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'Conclusion']
Start Index: 2000
--------------------------------------------------
grid. The displacements are sampled from a Gaussian distribution with 10 pixels standard deviation. Per-pixel displacements are then computed using bicubic interpola- tion. Drop-out layers at the end of the contracting path perform further implicit data augmentation. 4 Experiments We demonstrate the application of the u-net to three diﬀerent segmentation tasks. The ﬁrst task is the segmentation of neuronal structures in electron mi- croscopic recordings. An example of the data set and our obtained segmentation is displayed in Figure 2. We provide the full result as Supplementary Material. The data set is provided by the EM segmentation challenge that was started at ISBI 2012 and is still open for new contributions. The training data is a set of 30 images (512x512 pixels) from serial section transmission electron microscopy of the Drosophila ﬁrst instar larva ventral nerve cord (VNC). Each image comes with a corresponding fully annotated ground truth segmentation map for cells (white) and membranes (black). The test set is publicly available, but its seg- mentation maps are kept secret. An evaluation can be obtained by sending the predicted membrane probability map to the organizers. The evaluation is done by thresholding the map at 10 diﬀerent levels and computation of the “warping error”, the “Rand error” and the “pixel error” . The u-net (averaged over 7 rotated versions of the input data) achieves with- out any further pre- or postprocessing a warping error of 0.0003529 (the new best score, see Table 1) and a rand-error of 0.0382. This is signiﬁcantly better than the sliding-window convolutional network result by Ciresan et al. , whose best submission had a warping error of 0.000420 and a rand error of 0.0504. In terms of rand error the only better performing Table 1. Ranking on the EM segmentation challenge (march 6th, 2015), sorted by warping