Source: Image Segmentation
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'Conclusion']
Start Index: 750
--------------------------------------------------
data within the blue area as input. Missing input data is extrapolated by mirroring output. A successive convolution layer can then learn to assemble a more precise output based on this information. One important modiﬁcation in our architecture is that in the upsampling part we have also a large number of feature channels, which allow the network to propagate context information to higher resolution layers. As a consequence, the expansive path is more or less symmetric to the contracting path, and yields a u-shaped architecture. The network does not have any fully connected layers and only uses the valid part of each convolution, i.e., the segmentation map only contains the pixels, for which the full context is available in the input image. This strategy allows the seamless segmentation of arbitrarily large images by an overlap-tile strategy (see Figure 2). To predict the pixels in the border region of the image, the missing context is extrapolated by mirroring the input image. This tiling strategy is important to apply the network to large images, since otherwise the resolution would be limited by the GPU memory. As for our tasks there is very little training data available, we use excessive data augmentation by applying elastic deformations to the available training im- ages. This allows the network to learn invariance to such deformations, without the need to see these transformations in the annotated image corpus. This is particularly important in biomedical segmentation, since deformation used to be the most common variation in tissue and realistic deformations can be simu- lated eﬃciently. The value of data augmentation for learning invariance has been shown in Dosovitskiy et al. in the scope of unsupervised feature learning. Another challenge in many cell segmentation tasks is the separation of touch- ing objects of the same class; see Figure 3.