Source: Pyramid Scene Parsing Network
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'methods', 'methods', 'results', 'Results', 'methods', 'methods', 'methods', 'results']
Start Index: 1750
--------------------------------------------------
the ﬁxed-size constraint of CNN for image classiﬁcation. To further reduce context information loss between different sub-regions, we propose a hierarchical global prior, containing information with dif- ferent scales and varying among different sub-regions. We Figure 3. Overview of our proposed PSPNet. Given an input image (a), we ﬁrst use CNN to get the feature map of the last convolutional layer (b), then a pyramid parsing module is applied to harvest different sub-region representations, followed by upsampling and concatena- tion layers to form the ﬁnal feature representation, which carries both local and global context information in (c). Finally, the representation is fed into a convolution layer to get the ﬁnal per-pixel prediction (d). call it pyramid pooling module for global scene prior con- struction upon the ﬁnal-layer-feature-map of the deep neu- ral network, as illustrated in part (c) of Fig. 3. The pyramid pooling module fuses features under four different pyramid scales. The coarsest level highlighted in red is global pooling to generate a single bin output. The following pyramid level separates the feature map into dif- ferent sub-regions and forms pooled representation for dif- ferent locations. The output of different levels in the pyra- mid pooling module contains the feature map with varied sizes. To maintain the weight of global feature, we use 1×1 convolution layer after each pyramid level to reduce the di- mension of context representation to 1/N of the original one if the level size of pyramid is N. Then we directly up- sample the low-dimension feature maps to get the same size feature as the original feature map via bilinear interpolation. Finally, different levels of features are concatenated as the ﬁnal pyramid pooling global feature. Noted that the number of pyramid levels and size of each level can be modiﬁed. They are related to the