Source: Pyramid Scene Parsing Network
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'methods', 'methods', 'results', 'Results', 'methods', 'methods', 'methods', 'results']
Start Index: 1000
--------------------------------------------------
parsing network (PSPNet) illustrated in Fig. 3 is then described to improve performance for open-vocabulary ob- ject and stuff identiﬁcation in complex scene parsing. 3.1. Important Observations The new ADE20K dataset contains 150 stuff/object category labels (e.g., wall, sky, and tree) and 1,038 image- level scene descriptors (e.g., airport terminal, bedroom, and street). So a large amount of labels and vast distributions of scenes come into existence. Inspecting the prediction of the FCN baseline provided in , we summarize several common issues for complex-scene parsing. Mismatched Relationship Context relationship is uni- versal and important especially for complex scene under- standing. There exist co-occurrent visual patterns. For ex- ample, an airplane is likely to be in runway or ﬂy in sky while not over a road. For the ﬁrst-row example in Fig. 2, FCN predicts the boat in the yellow box as a “car” based on its appearance. But the common knowledge is that a car is seldom over a river. Lack of the ability to collect contextual information increases the chance of misclassiﬁcation. Confusion Categories There are many class label pairs in the ADE20K dataset that are confusing in classiﬁ- cation. Examples are ﬁeld and earth; mountain and hill; wall, house, building and skyscraper. They are with simi- lar appearance. The expert annotator who labeled the entire dataset, still makes 17.60% pixel error as described in . In the second row of Fig. 2, FCN predicts the object in the box as part of skyscraper and part of building. These re- sults should be excluded so that the whole object is either skyscraper or building, but not both. This problem can be remedied by utilizing the relationship between categories. Inconspicuous Classes Scene contains objects/stuff of arbitrary size. Several small-size things, like streetlight and signboard, are hard to ﬁnd while they