Source: Image Segmentation
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'Conclusion']
Start Index: 0
--------------------------------------------------
. There is large consent that successful training of deep net- works requires many thousand annotated training samples. In this pa- per, we present a network and training strategy that relies on the strong use of data augmentation to use the available annotated samples more eﬃciently. The architecture consists of a contracting path to capture context and a symmetric expanding path that enables precise localiza- tion. We show that such a network can be trained end-to-end from very few images and outperforms the prior best method (a sliding-window convolutional network) on the ISBI challenge for segmentation of neu- ronal structures in electron microscopic stacks. Using the same net- work trained on transmitted light microscopy images (phase contrast and DIC) we won the ISBI cell tracking challenge 2015 in these cate- gories by a large margin. Moreover, the network is fast. Segmentation of a 512x512 image takes less than a second on a recent GPU. The full implementation (based on Caﬀe) and the trained networks are available at http://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/people/ronneber/u-net. 1 In the last two years, deep convolutional networks have outperformed the state of the art in many visual recognition tasks, e.g. . While convolutional networks have already existed for a long time , their success was limited due to the size of the available training sets and the size of the considered networks. The breakthrough by Krizhevsky et al. was due to supervised training of a large network with 8 layers and millions of parameters on the ImageNet dataset with 1 million training images. Since then, even larger and deeper networks have been trained . The typical use of convolutional networks is on classiﬁcation tasks, where the output to an image is a single class label. However, in many visual tasks, especially in biomedical image processing, the desired output should include