Source: Pyramid Scene Parsing Network
Section Titles: ['Abstract', 'Introduction', 'methods', 'methods', 'results', 'Results', 'methods', 'methods', 'methods', 'results']
Start Index: 1500
--------------------------------------------------
pooling module, which empirically proves to be an effective global contextual prior. In a deep neural network, the size of receptive ﬁeld can roughly indicates how much we use context information. Although theoretically the receptive ﬁeld of ResNet is already larger than the input image, it is shown by Zhou et al. that the empirical receptive ﬁeld of CNN is much smaller than the theoretical one especially on high-level lay- ers. This makes many networks not sufﬁciently incorporate the momentous global scenery prior. We address this issue by proposing an effective global prior representation. Global average pooling is a good baseline model as the global contextual prior, which is commonly used in image classiﬁcation tasks . In , it was successfully ap- plied to semantic segmentation. But regarding the complex- scene images in ADE20K , this strategy is not enough to cover necessary information. Pixels in these scene images are annotated regarding many stuff and objects. Directly fusing them to form a single vector may lose the spatial rela- tion and cause ambiguity. Global context information along with sub-region context is helpful in this regard to distin- guish among various categories. A more powerful represen- tation could be fused information from different sub-regions with these receptive ﬁelds. Similar conclusion was drawn in classical work of scene/image classiﬁcation. In , feature maps in different levels generated by pyramid pooling were ﬁnally ﬂattened and concatenated to be fed into a fully connected layer for classiﬁcation. This global prior is designed to remove the ﬁxed-size constraint of CNN for image classiﬁcation. To further reduce context information loss between different sub-regions, we propose a hierarchical global prior, containing information with dif- ferent scales and varying among different sub-regions. We Figure 3. Overview of our proposed PSPNet. Given an input image (a), we ﬁrst use